Changelog for v3.2.0 (#3363)
thelounge/thelounge: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- New entries go after this line -->

## v3.2.0 - 2019-08-13

For more details, [see the full changelog](https://github.com/thelounge/thelounge/compare/v3.1.1...v3.2.0) and [milestone](https://github.com/thelounge/thelounge/milestone/32?closed=1).

> This is a minor release that fixes some bugs. There's not many directly user facing changes in this release,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a minor release that fixes some bugs. There are not many directly user facing changes in this release,
```

> but the biggest one is the ability to edit channel topic by double clicking it (or edit topic option in the context menu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but the biggest one is the ability to edit channel topic by double clicking it (or using the edit topic option in the context menu).
```
